-------------------------SW1---------------------------
conf t

int range FastEthernet 0/1-2
channel-group 1 mode desirable

vtp domain HCMUS1
vtp mode client

interface port-channel 1
switchport mode trunk
switchport trunk allow vlan all
no shut

int range FastEthernet 0/3-10
switchport mode access
switchport access vlan 10

int range FastEthernet 0/11-17
switchport mode access
switchport access vlan 11

int range FastEthernet 0/18-24
switchport mode access
switchport access vlan 12

end
wr

-------------------------SW2---------------------------
conf t

int range FastEthernet 0/1-2
channel-group 2 mode desirable

vtp domain HCMUS1
vtp mode client

interface port-channel 2
switchport mode trunk
switchport trunk allow vlan all
no shut

int range FastEthernet 0/3-10
switchport mode access
switchport access vlan 12

int range FastEthernet 0/11-17
switchport mode access
switchport access vlan 13

int range FastEthernet 0/18-24
switchport mode access
switchport access vlan 14

end
wr

-------------------------SW3---------------------------
conf t

int range FastEthernet 0/1-2
channel-group 3 mode desirable

vtp domain HCMUS1
vtp mode client

interface port-channel 3
switchport mode trunk
switchport trunk allow vlan all
no shut

int range FastEthernet 0/3-10
switchport mode access
switchport access vlan 13

int range FastEthernet 0/11-17
switchport mode access
switchport access vlan 15

int range FastEthernet 0/18-24
switchport mode access
switchport access vlan 16

end 
wr

-------------------------SW4---------------------------
conf t

int range FastEthernet 0/1-2
channel-group 4 mode desirable

vtp domain HCMUS2
vtp mode client

interface port-channel 4
switchport mode trunk
switchport trunk allow vlan all
no shut

int range FastEthernet 0/3-10
switchport mode access
switchport access vlan 20

int range FastEthernet 0/11-17
switchport mode access
switchport access vlan 21

int range FastEthernet 0/18-24
switchport mode access
switchport access vlan 22

end
wr

-------------------------SW5---------------------------
conf t

int range FastEthernet 0/1-2
channel-group 5 mode desirable

vtp domain HCMUS2
vtp mode client

interface port-channel 5
switchport mode trunk
switchport trunk allow vlan all
no shut

int range FastEthernet 0/3-10
switchport mode access
switchport access vlan 23

int range FastEthernet 0/11-17
switchport mode access
switchport access vlan 24

int range FastEthernet 0/18-24
switchport mode access
switchport access vlan 25

end
wr

-------------------------SW6---------------------------
conf t

int range FastEthernet 0/1-2
channel-group 6 mode desirable

vtp domain HCMUS2
vtp mode client

interface port-channel 6
switchport mode trunk
switchport trunk allow vlan all
no shut

int range FastEthernet 0/3-10
switchport mode access
switchport access vlan 20

int range FastEthernet 0/11-17
switchport mode access
switchport access vlan 23

int range FastEthernet 0/18-24
switchport mode access
switchport access vlan 26

end 
wr